MOB-78 Updated iOS docs (#128)
codesandbox/docs: packages/projects-docs/pages/learn/getting-started/setting-up-ios.mdx

---
title: Setting up iOS
description: With this guide you'll learn how to get started with the iOS app
---

# Setting up iOS

## Getting Started

> Bring your CodeSandbox projects with you wherever you go with just your iPhone or iPad. Simply download the CodeSandbox app from the [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/codesandbox/id1423330822) and log in using your CodeSandbox account. If you don't have one yet, you can easily sign up using a GitHub, Google, or Apple account.

Reviewer: Generally avoiding language that assumes difficulty for users. 
```suggestion
Bring your CodeSandbox projects with you wherever you go with just your iPhone or iPad. First, download the CodeSandbox app from the [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/codesandbox/id1423330822) and log in using your CodeSandbox account. If you don't have one, you can quickly sign up using a GitHub, Google, or Apple account.
```

Author: Good shout!

> For the full CodeSandbox experience, we recommend linking your GitHub account. This will give you access to all of our features and capabilities.

Reviewer: Instead of "features and capabilities." What if we say this " This will allow you to import all your projects from GitHub and improve your  process of PR reviews,  contributing to open source faster by installing our GitHub app to your project."

I think this gives a more holistic view to why we recommend using the GitHub account

Author: Yep, I will mention the things linking your GH account will unblock 👍

### Select the Appropriate Workspace

> Upon logging in, your personal workspace will be selected as the default. If you're part of a team, you can easily switch to your team's workspace by selecting it from the sidebar. On an iPhone, you can access the screen to switch workspaces by tapping the **Back** button located in the top left corner of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you log in, your personal workspace will be selected as the default. If you're part of a team, you can easily switch to your team's workspace by selecting it from the sidebar. On an iPhone, you can access the screen to switch workspaces by tapping the **Back** button in the screen's top left corner.
```

![Screenshot of the iOS Dashboard](/ios-dashboard.png)

### Accessing Sandboxes and Repositories

> If you are an existing CodeSandbox user and after selecting a workspace, you will be presented with a list of sandboxes and repositories that you have recently interacted with. To view all available sandboxes and repositories, simply navigate through the different categories in the sidebar or use the **Search** functionality available at the top of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an existing CodeSandbox user, you will be presented with a list of sandboxes and repositories you have recently interacted with under the **Recent** section after selecting a workspace. To view all available sandboxes and repositories, navigate through the different categories in the sidebar or use the **Search** functionality available at the top of the screen.
```

### Creating a New Sandbox or Repository

You also have the option of starting from scratch by creating a new sandbox or importing a repository from GitHub.

#### Importing a Repository from GitHub

> To import a repository from GitHub, simply tap on the **New Repository** button to start the import process. If you haven't already, you'll be prompted to link your CodeSandbox account with a GitHub account.
> 
> In the import screen, you can either enter the link to the GitHub repository you wish to import or select a repository from one of the GitHub organizations you belong to, including your personal GitHub organization. CodeSandbox will automatically create a fork in GitHub for repositories you do not have write permissions for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import a repository from GitHub, click on the **New Repository** button to start the import process. You'll be prompted to link your CodeSandbox account with a GitHub account if you haven't already.

In the import screen, you can either enter the link to the GitHub repository you want to import or select a repository from one of the GitHub organizations you belong to, including your personal GitHub organization. CodeSandbox will automatically create a fork in GitHub for repositories for which you do not have write permissions.
```

Author: I will make some tweaks. On iOS apps the "tap" action is preferred over "click".

![Screenshot of the Import from GitHub screen](/ios-gh-import.png)

#### Creating a Sandbox from a Template

> Creating a new sandbox using one of the official templates is another option. It's a quick and easy way to get started with any technology without any setup required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a new sandbox using one of the official templates is another option. It's a quick and easy way to get started with any technology without any setup required.

You can do this under the **Sandboxes** section and selecting any of the templates listed there and start building 
```

Author: I will make some tweaks as it doesn't work this way on iOS.

![Screenshot of the New Sandbox screen](/ios-new-sandbox.png)

### Working with Local Sandboxes

With CodeSandbox for iOS, you can also create small Node.js prototypes locally. This is a useful feature when you're developing on your iOS device and don't have internet access. However, the functionality of these local sandboxes is limited due to restrictions imposed by the iOS operating system on applications available from the App Store.

> For instance, local sandboxes are restricted to Node.js version 12, and any framework that relies on JIT compilation or WebAssembly won't work.

Reviewer: We can add Cloud sandbox plug here. What do you think?
```suggestion
For instance, local sandboxes are restricted to Node.js version 12, and any framework that relies on JIT compilation or WebAssembly won't work.

In this case, we suggest you use CodeSandbox Cloud sandboxes on your computer if possible. 
```

Author: Good shout! although I won't mention your computer, I don't want the user to leave the iOS app 😛
